- If you make this shot.
- No way.
- You win money.
And every time someone misses a shot,
I add $10,000 to the prize pool.
We are currently on top
of a 250 foot bridge.
Drake, if you can make that basketball
into that hoop down there,
I'll give you $10,000.
- 10 grand?
- All right, bet.
Oh wait, you're not even gonna think.
Okay. He just shot.
- Hold on.
Oh, oh. Oh, dude.
- Oh no.
- It like changed last second.
- That 10 grand. Sorry about it.
Here's a dart, Adam.
- Okay.
- You hit that bullseye,
this 20 grand is yours.
- That's enough to buy the house, dude.
- Adam! Adam! Adam!
- I like that. I like that.
And the lights, too.
Okay. All right.
- The bullseye's here.
The dart's here. Next one.
Chris, this is $30,000 in cash.
And if he hits a half court shot like this
I'll give him 30 grand.
Did it go in?
- Yeah, it did.
- I got this, I got this,
I got this, I got this.
- Let's see it.
- I got this.
- There's no way he's making this.
- Okay. Oh.
- You have three seconds.
What do you have to say?
- Yeah.
- And now we're at a
golf course with $40,000.
And if Dave here can hit
a hole in one like this,
I'll give him $40,000.
I know I missed.
I'm not even gonna try
to make a hole in one.
You might remember Dave from this video
where we gave him a shot
at a million dollars
if he hit a hole in one.
Oh.
- Oh my gosh.
- Oh snap. Oh my gosh.
That is so close.
And you might remember you were
six feet away from a million dollars,
which is why for this shot,
we conveniently move the hole six feet
to exactly where you missed.
Before you swing, I want
you to look at this $40,000.
You put that in the hole.
I put this in your trunk.
Oh, he hit it.
Oh, wait, wait. Let's go look.
Clearly we didn't move the pin far enough.
Carl, I'm gonna let
you deal with this one.
- Maybe Jimmy will give you a third time
trying to get a hole in one.
- I like a third time.
- But not now.
- Not now. Next time.
- We did 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000.
And now $50,000 is on the line.
And for this trick shot, I'm
gonna let Carl demonstrate it.
Oh my gosh. I can't believe
you did that first try.
That's basically the trick shot.
And Tariq, let me hold this camera.
You saw what Carl just did, Tariq.
If you could put this soccer
ball in that trash can,
I will give you $50,000 in cash.
And here's the thing, Tariq.
Carl literally did it first try, watch.
- Not that one. Not that one.
- If Carl can do it first try, so can you.
Tariq! Tariq!
He missed it. Lost 10 grand.
Now you lost 50 grand. What is that, 60?
60 is what we're about
to offer the next person.
- Oh, okay.
- If you can hit a home run,
I'll give you this $60,000 in cash.
- Are you serious?
- And just to show it's possible,
I'm gonna demonstrate before he tries.
Literally all he has to do is
hit a home run like that right there,
and he'll get 60 grand.
Noah, here is the baseball bat.
Your arms are ginormous.
I don't see how you
don't hit this to Mars.
The next person competes for 70 grand.
This view's getting crazy.
Who's gonna get? Boom!
Whoa. Oh.
Just where you gotta,
we gotta take the money.
- Wait, I get to keep the
ones that fell out, right?
- And now we're on a
football field with 10,000,
20,000 30, 40, 50, 60, $70,000.
And if our contestants launch a baby doll
from this cannon and to that crib.
- It's a crib.
- They get this $70,000 in cash.
Chris, can you demonstrate
how the baby cannon works?
- Can you call me Elon Musk,
'cause I'm about to
send this baby to space.
- Okay, Elon Musk.
Oh, it's still flying.
It's still flying.
- Yay.
- All you gotta do is take this baby,
cram the baby in there.
All right, there we go. Let me see that.
Launch the baby when you're ready.
- All right. Three, two, one.
- Oh, oh, oh. No.
- Do you not practice shooting
babies out of a cannon?
- You're not very good
at launching babies.
To be honest, I'd be
surprised if you were.
Chris is sitting over top of a dunk tank
and I got $75,000 here.
I think you know where
I'm going with this, Sam.
- I'm pretty excited.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
- Sam, if you can hit that red button
from behind this line, you win $75,000.
- No way.
- Woo. Let's get it.
- One baby, one red
button. Does he hit it?
Oh.
- Oh.
- Thank goodness I don't get wet.
- I know you're sad,
but we're gonna move on.
Now we're back in the gym
with $80,000 on the line.
- But you're Jim.
- I hate him.
Would you like a shot at
winning this 80 grand?
- Yeah.
- Put this blindfold on.
Now put this blindfold on.
- Seems a little excessive, Jimmy.
Now three blindfolds?
- I need more blindfolds.
Carl, you lure him around.
- Why did you give Carl control?
I trust you, not Carl.
- In total, there are
eight basketball goals.
You get one shot and if you score
on any of these goals, you get $80,000.
- I'm gonna take a page
out of the bat's book
and I'm gonna use
echolocation to find the goal.
- I feel like I'm kinda middle.
- I can't believe this
dude just used echolocation
to realize he's in the
middle of the court.
How is he so smart?
- Did I make it?
- Take them off.
You're directly under the hoop.
Okay, help me package up
the 80 grand you didn't win.
- That's just insulting to injury.
- This next shot was
supposed to be for $90,000
but I'm making it a
hundred because why not?
And I'm surrounded by 10 basketball goals.
Carl's gonna go up in the
air in this helicopter
and demonstrate the shot.
Drop the basketball.
Oh, oh!
- Was that in? Yes. That
was in. That was in.
- That was the hundred
thousand dollar shot.
If you can get in that
helicopter, make a shot,
I'll give you a hundred thousand dollar.
- Deal. Let's do this thing.
- While we're waiting on the helicopter,
How'd that last a hundred grand treat you?
- Amazing. Changed my life forever.
- I mean, what'd you spend it on?
- Paid off the cars.
Put some money away for
my kids' college funds.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- You know when he is not chasing me
and trying to tackle me,
he's a pretty nice guy.
- This ball right here, it's crazy.
It's not a regular ball anymore.
It's got the chance to
change my life forever.
- And before he shoots the $100,000 shot,
I'm gonna tell the pilot
to raise the helicopter.
Raise it up.
- Oh, why are we going up?
- If you could see the look
on the bounty hunter's
face, he looks so confused.
- No, wait. Is it fair?
- That looks good. Let it rain.
Oh. Oh. Oh, wait.
Oh no.
If we leave before the helicopter lands,
we don't have to see him when he's sad.
- It won't be awkward.
- Yeah, right. Next bit.
This is 100 bowling pins.
and if Nolan bowls a
strike, he gets 110 grand.
The reason why he's doing it
is because in the island video,
he lost $800,000 because
he sucks at bowling.
- I can hear you.
- And before I have Nolan
attempt to knock down the 100 pins,
I'm gonna give it a try
because it looks fun.
This is my first try.
I missed. I missed.
I'm gonna show you guys a trick.
Editing, it's cool.
Nolan, here is your bowling bowl.
Nolan's bowling! Nolan's bowling!
All right. He did it. It left his hand.
- Oh! Oh! Go down.
Oh, go down. Oh, oh.
I hate bowling!
- Bowling also hates you.
He lost an $880,000 island
to bowling in this video.
He lost $110,000 to bowling in this video.
So if you lose another
10 grand to bowling,
you have lost a million dollars to it.
If you knock this pin over with that pin,
I'll give you 10 grand.
- I literally couldn't mess this up.
- Just throw it.
- No!
- All right.
He's now lost a million
dollars to bowling.
All right, I'm satisfied. Next bit.
Every single challenge we've
added a $10,000 briefcase.
And look at how many we have.
And you might be wondering,
why do we have a bathroom
and $120,000 in the middle of the woods?
Well, that's because we're gonna lift
this contestant right
here 100 feet in the air
for this toilet paper trick shot.
Don't ask questions.
The boom lift's starting
to get a little shaky.
- Can I shoot it now?
- Hey, a little bit more.
- My hands, my palms are sweaty.
- My knees are weak.
- I don't see no spaghetti.
- Oh crap. He's right.
- 120 grand on the line. Have at it.
Oh, she threw it. She threw it.
Oh, I felt kind of bad that
her toilet paper missed the toilet.
I can't say that with a straight face.
So I gave her one more try for $10,000
and she still missed.
Jerry, can you confirm 10
grand is in this briefcase?
- Yes, it is 10 grand.
- Okay. $10,000.
130,000. Close the trunk.
And this is a hammer.
Smash that window, Chris.
And Chris, if you wouldn't mind,
could you also smash this one,
which leaves this tiny
window here remaining.
If you can smash that tiny window.
- Okay.
- With that hammer,
I'll let you keep the car and
the 130 grand in the trunk.
You look a little nervous, pal.
- It's not that I'm nervous.
It's that my arms are little boy arms.
- I feel like I should back up.
Throw it as hard as you can.
Oh, oh.
- I broke some window though.
I felt really bad for Wendle,
so I decided to give Nolan
a chance to redeem him.
That's wasn't even close.
That wasn't even close, but I feel bad.
Just take the car with
the shattered windows.
I'm gonna take the money
and we're gonna just
head to the next place.
We are now adding another $10,000,
bringing the total to 140 grand.
This is our contestant, Neal.
And this is my bodyguard
Shaun, who happens to be
ridiculously good at basketball.
If you can score on Shaun,
I'll give you $140,000.
You get one shot.
- He's standing at the free throw line
and his his checkup hand
is right in front of me.
He's a giant.
- No one said winning 140
grand was supposed to be easy.
This is it.
- You ready, Neal?
- Let's go.
- 140 grand on the line.
Let's go, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh my goodness.
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Since Shaun literally ripped
that money outta Neal's hands,
I wanted to give him a chance for a bit.
If Shaun can score on
him, he'll get $10,000.
- I'll take that. I'll take that.
- All right!
- 10 grand!
Did you for a second think
he was gonna score on you?
- No.
- I love how confident he is.
Next we put an apple
on a mannequin's head.
And if our contestant
can shoot the apple off,
- There you go.
- Then he gets $150,000.
You can literally win more
money than you are tall.
Quote that. On a scale one to 10,
how badly do you want 150 grand?
- I'd say about a 12.
- 12. Okay.
- 12 or 13.
- So you really want it.
Like, it would probably
change your entire life.
- Yeah. I could maybe even get taller.
150 grand. Oh my gosh.
- 150 grand on the line.
Buy a lot of chicken nuggets
and a lot of Beast burgers.
You should order Beast.
What did, you were about shoulder.
- It was left. It was left shoulder.
- He was about shoulder.
- Left shoulder.
- Yeah. Have a good night.
- Thanks, guys.
- Since he missed, we're gonna throw
another 10 grand up here.
It's now officially taller than me.
See that mannequin?
Go stand where it is and get rid of it.
- Roger.
- Next contestant.
We're back in a gym for the
5000000th time this video.
Instead of one contestant,
we're gonna have five.
Here is $40,000.
The next number was 200 grand
and since there's five of them,
they're just gonna split it.
Basically, if one of you
can hit a half court shot,
you all get 40 grand.
- Wait, how many chances do we get?
- You each get to shoot one shot.
If all five of you miss,
I take the briefcases back
and you go home with nothing.
- Oh all right. Let's get it.
- We got it. 200 K! 200 K!
- Who's shooting first?
- I'm taking it first.
- Let's see it. Is he
clutch? Let's find out.
Oh. Off the back of the rim.
One down, four to go.
Come on, Tyler.
And it's off. It's, oh, it's looking good.
Oh, oh. O for two.
- Hey, let's go. Clap me up.
Let's go, get high.
Come on, let's shut out.
- Three more remain.
- Off. Oh, whoa.
It was in. It was literally,
it was like in the rim.
$200,000 on the line.
Shoot when you're ready.
- You're gonna make this.
Believe in yourself.
- For the boys. For the boys.
Oh, what?
I do not envy the pressure
you're feeling now.
I'm not even gonna say anything.
Let's let him do his thing.
And it's in the air.
No. Oh. Oh my gosh.
Yes. That's in.
Oh, my gosh.
That was the most hyped
thing I've ever seen.
Oh my gosh. That was clutch.
Like the sign says, it's $200,000.
Each of your grab four briefcases.
Throw it in your cars.
Thank you for watching.
Subscribe.